README.rst, before:

Gitssue |Release|
=================

|Build Status| |Coverage| |Python versions| |License|

Manage your issues from the command line.

Features
========

-  List the issues (also closed ones, if specified).
-  Get issues descriptions.
-  Get comment thread of the issue.
-  Show tags of each issue, with its colors!

Limitations
===========

-  Just for repositories hosted on GitHub.
-  No support for authentication.
-  Because of the previous one, there's no support for private
   repositories.
-  GitHub API limitation: also related to the authentication; for non
   authenticated requests, GitHub has a limit of 60 requests/hour to the
   API.
-  No "write" operations (i.e. make a comment, open or close issues,
   etc.).

Installation
============

``pip install gitssue``

Upcoming features
=================

-  Look at `limitations <#limitations>`__ :)

.. |Release| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v1.0.0-brightgreen.svg
.. |Build Status| image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/julenpardo/Gitssue.svg?branch=dev
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/julenpardo/Gitssue
.. |Coverage| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-99%25-brightgreen.svg
.. |Python versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.4%2C%203.5%2C%203.6-blue.svg
.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv3-blue.svg

Commit message:

Add `console_scripts` for creating script in path at installation time with pip

README.rst, after:

Gitssue |Release|
=================

|Build Status| |Coverage| |Python versions| |License|

Manage your issues from the command line.

Features
========

-  List the issues (also closed ones, if specified).
-  Get issues descriptions.
-  Get comment thread of the issue.
-  Show tags of each issue, with its colors!

Limitations
===========

-  Just for repositories hosted on GitHub.
-  No support for authentication.
-  Because of the previous one, there's no support for private
   repositories.
-  GitHub API limitation: also related to the authentication; for non
   authenticated requests, GitHub has a limit of 60 requests/hour to the
   API.
-  No "write" operations (i.e. make a comment, open or close issues,
   etc.).

Installation
============

Just with ``pip``:

``pip install gitssue``

That's it! You can already execute ``gitssue`` in your shell.

Upcoming features
=================

-  Look at `limitations <#limitations>`__ :)

.. |Release| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v1.0.0-brightgreen.svg
.. |Build Status| image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/julenpardo/Gitssue.svg?branch=dev
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/julenpardo/Gitssue
.. |Coverage| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-99%25-brightgreen.svg
.. |Python versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.4%2C%203.5%2C%203.6-blue.svg
.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv3-blue.svg
